# trakr_sdk v1.2.x : Development-Kit for Addverb's Trakr5
SDK for talking to *Trakr* over a TCP/IP Socket. \
>Compatible with Trakr running version v1.2.x

This repository includes the explaination and documentation regarding different interfaces to connect with robot, different modes the *Trakr* operates in, and methods to switch between them over Network.

> Before diving into this repository, go through the User Manual provided with the robot to get an understanding of basic controls and features of Trakr.

## Implementations

The SDK is available with both Python and C++ support, along with ROS wrappers.

### 1. C++ SDK

The C++'s implementation features a CMake package, **_trakr_cpp_sdk_**, that can be built from source and installed, and can be included in different CMake workspaces through `find_package(trakr_cpp_sdk)`.\
The package is also responsible for building *python bindings* used by the Python SDK.\
Additionally, ROS wrappers depend on this package for communicating with the robot.

See [`cpp/trakr_cpp_sdk/`](cpp/trakr_cpp_sdk/) for details

### 2. Python SDK
The Python's implementation features a Python package, **_trakr_sdk_**, available as a source package that can be installed and imported in code.

**Note** \
This package uses the same C++ libraries in **trakr_cpp_sdk** to communicate with robot.\
This means that Python Bindings over those libraries are generated by *trakr_cpp_sdk* package.\
Install *trakr_cpp_sdk* with bindings, to be able to run Python code.

See [`python/`](python/) for details, and `examples/python/` for examples to use the package.

### 3. ROS2 Wrapper
The ROS2's implementation features a ROS2 package, ***trakr_ros2***, that depends on *trakr_cpp_sdk* and some basic packages shipped along with ROS2 installation. Using the same socket interface, it streams the state of robot over topics, and the different configurations of robot are available as different services.

See [`trakr_ros2/`](trakr_ros2/) for details


## Documentation
Refer to `README.md` inside the respective SDK to see instructions for installation and basic-usage. For a general usage and conceptual understanding, see different README files in`docs/` for their respective explainations.